
## Book Review: 1Q84

Overall, this was an excellent book. 

1Q84 tells the story of Aomame and Tengo. They met when they were 10 years old, held hands, then went their own ways. Years later, Aomame finds herself entering a mysterious world we call 1Q84 - as a play to the alternative year they lived in 1984. 

As a hired killer, Aomame collaborated with the Dowager - an older lady who tries to bring revenge to women abused by their husbands. Together, they find the abusers and kill them. 

Tengo's story starts when he gets a request to rewrite the novel "Air Chrysallis"; originally written by Fuka-Eri. This novel reveals the hidden world of the "Little People". While we don't find out much about them, they are connected to a cult called Sagikake that was involved in molesting children. 

The novel unravels around the release of the novel and how it exposes the "Little People". It turns out the Air Chrysallis story shows the inner workings of the little people. Disgusted by it, the little people turn to the cult to targe Tengo Kawana and stop him from promoting the novel. 

The main themes around this novel were romanting love and connection, abuse in relationships and in cults, familial love, and gender imbalances in Japan.

We learn about Tengo's complicated relationship with his father. How despite growing up without his mother, his father tried his best to raise Tengo. Even though he hated his childhood, later in the story Tengo learned to appreciate his father. He started to empathize what it would be like raising a child without a wife. 

We also learn about Aomame's fervor in finding true love. Longing throughout the book to find someone who understood her and woud love her for who she was.

We learn about 1980's Japan and the many gender dynamics that still remained in the country. Where women were expected to play domestic roles in the house.

We finally learn the power of ideology in capturing people's minds. The abuse it imposes on children, and the extend people go to cover up issues inside of these cults.

I would highly recommend this book and give it a A rating.
